>> Brian Holt: Now, I'm gonna show you how
to make this email a little bit easier.
So writing props dot gets very old very
quickly when you're writing React, so
there's a thing that you can
do called destructuring.
So what I can do here
is I can replace props,
I know that the thing is gonna be
called animal, breed, and name, right?
So I can actually just pull this out,
so I'm gonna delete props here,
put the parentheses back.
And then inside of that,
I'm gonna put curly brackets, like that.
And then I'm gonna say name,
animal, and breed like that.
And this is going to pull out these
particularly named properties within these
objects and make them available
as those variable names, right?
So instead of saying props.name,
I'm just gonna say name.
>> Brian Holt: Same
thing here with animal,
>> Brian Holt: And breed.
>> Brian Holt: Makes sense?
It's called destructuring,
>> Brian Holt: And
everything should work the same way,
which it does.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
>> Brian Holt: So
that's the first section.
So congratulations,
you know a little bit of React now.
And the good news is this
is kind of most of it.
I'm going to show you a bunch
of other stuff, right?
I have to earn what they're
paying me [LAUGH] but
this is kinda like the core
idea of what React is.
>> Brian Holt: So there's a commit point
here, so if you're falling behind and
you wanna come up to this point, you can
actually just move to the first commit in
the repo, and this will take you
to this point in the workshop.
The next thing we're gonna do is we're
going to start introducing some tooling to
help us out.
Because you don't wanna
write React like this,
you can actually make React
much easier to write.
But again, this is still the core
concepts of what React is.